README.md, before:

# Simple Geographic Tool

## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Main features](#main-features)
* [JSON format](#json-format)
  * [Directly specified objects ](#directly-specified-objects )
  * [Objects based on recently added objects](#objects-based-on-recently-added-objects)
* [JSON usage](#json-usage)
  * [Text field](#text-field)
  * [URL parameters](#url-parameters)
* [Dependencies](#dependencies)

## Description
Yet another (supposed to be simple) tool to add geo objects on map.
[Try it on GitHub Pages](https://bazhanius.github.io/simple-geo-tool/).

<kbd>![img](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/194441323/009e73b8-b37e-42fa-a062-6d89bf2e6564)</kbd>

## Main features
- Adding object(s) on the map:
  - via inputting parameters (latitude, longitude and accuracy) in form fields for single object
  - via inputting JSON array of coordinates for single or multiple objects
  - via entering URL parameter
  - by shift-clicking on the map
  - with or without marker's pin or dot
  - with custom color and line weight
  - by applying function to recently added objects (group objects)
- Supported object's types:
  - point
  - circle
  - line and polyline
  - polygon
  - rectangle (only in JSON)
- List of added objects with opportunity to:
  - view full info
  - copy object to clipboard
  - locate (fly to) certain object
  - delete certain object
  - copy all objects to clipboard
  - show all objects
  - delete all objects
- Map controls:
  - selecting tile layers (OpenStreetMap, Wikimedia etc.)
  - geolocating current position of the device
  - show address (geocoding) in popup of object's markers
  - ruler for measure distance
- Other:
  - setting of object creation and other options
  - store user settings in localStorage, also last clicked coordinates on the map as the center point of the map 
  on next page load.

## JSON format
### Directly specified objects 
#### Parameters
| Parameter | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <code>type</code> (required) | String |Enum: <ul><li><code>"point"</code></li><li><code>"circle"</code></li><li><code>"polyline"</code></li><li><code>"polygon"</code></li><li><code>"rectangle"</code></li></ul><br>Type of the object. |
| <code>coords</code> (required) | Array of objects | Object of the form:<br><code>{"lat": Number \<double>, "lon": Number \<double>}</code>.<br>Where <code>lat</code> is latitude, from -90.0 to 90.0, and <code>lon</code> is longitude, from -180.0 to 180.0.<br><br>One object for type point or circle, and one or more for other.|
| <code>radius</code> | Number \<double> | Radius of the circle, in meters. Only applicable and required to type <code>"circle"</code>, otherwise will be ignored. |
| <code>azimuth</code> | Number \<double> | Direction in degrees east of True North (clockwise), from 0° to 360°. If set, the dot will be replaced with an arrow. Only applicable to type <code>"point"</code> and <code>"circle"</code>, otherwise will be ignored. |
| <code>color</code> | String | Stroke and fill CSS-color of the object. HEX, RGB(A), name etc.|
| <code>weight</code> | Number \<integer> | Stroke width in pixels. Not applicable to <code>"point"</code>.|
| <code>showMarkerPin</code> | Boolean| Allows to enable/disable the marker pin for object.|
| <code>showMarkerDot</code> | boolean | Allows to enable/disable the marker dot for object. |
#### Usage example

**Point**

Example with all required parameters (<code>"type"</code>, <code>"coords"</code>) and almost all optional (name of <code>"color"</code>, <code>"azimuth"</code>, <code>"showMarkerPin"</code>, <code>"showMarkerDot"</code>):
```json
[
   {
      "type": "point",
      "coords": [
         {
            "lat": 55.039372,
            "lon": 37.552016
         }
      ],
      "color": "black",
      "azimuth": 45,
      "showMarkerPin": false,
      "showMarkerDot": true
   }
]
```

**Circle**

Example with all required parameters (<code>type</code>, <code>coords</code>, <code>radius</code>) and some optional (RGBA <code>color</code>, <code>showMarkerPin</code>):
```json
[
   {
      "type": "circle",
      "coords": [
         {
            "lat": 56.325227,
            "lon": 37.854250
         }
      ],
      "radius": 10000,
      "color": "rgba(51, 136, 255,0.95)",
      "showMarkerPin": false
   }
]
```

**Polyline**

Example with all required parameters (<code>type</code>, <code>coords</code>) and one optional (HEX <code>color</code>):
```json
[
   {
      "type": "polyline",
      "coords": [
         {
            "lat": 55.124319,
            "lon": 36.777198
         },
         {
            "lat": 56.273381,
            "lon": 38.777437
         },
         {
            "lat": 55.630222,
            "lon": 39.332448
         }
      ],
      "color": "#6e14ef"
   }
]
```

**Polygon**

Example only with required parameters (<code>type</code>, <code>coords</code>):
```json
[
   {
      "type": "polygon",
      "coords": [
         {
            "lon": 36.426052,
            "lat": 56.181837
         },
         {
            "lon": 39.201706,
            "lat": 56.160414
         },
         {
            "lon": 38.987349,
            "lat": 55.143146
         },
         {
            "lon": 36.327118,
            "lat": 55.290538
         },
         {
            "lon":36.426052,
            "lat":56.181837
         }
      ]
   }
]
```

### Objects based on recently added objects

#### Parameters
| Parameter | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <code>type</code> (required) | String |Only <code>"group"</code>. |
| <code>function</code> (required) | String |Enum: <ul><li><code>"drawCircleBounds"</code></li><li><code>"drawRectangleBounds"</code></li></ul><br>Function of calculation. |
| <code>objectIDs</code> (required) | Array of integers | List of recently added objects IDS that will be proccessed by function. Must contain minimum one valid ID.
| <code>color</code> | String | Stroke and fill CSS-color of the object. HEX, RGB(A), name etc.|
| <code>weight</code> | Number \<integer> | Stroke width in pixels. Not applicable to <code>"point"</code>.|
| <code>showMarkerPin</code> | Boolean| Allows to enable/disable the marker pin for object.|
| <code>showMarkerDot</code> | boolean | Allows to enable/disable the marker dot for object. |

#### Usage example
This will add a <code>"circle"</code> object around the objects with the given IDs:
```json
[
   {
      "type": "group",
      "function": "drawCircleBounds",
      "objectIDs": [2, 3, 7],
      "color": "black",
      "weight": 1,
      "showMarkerPin": false,
      "showMarkerDot": true
   }
]
```

## JSON usage

### Text field
Enter JSON into the text field on [array tab](https://bazhanius.github.io/simple-geo-tool/?tab=array).
JSON must contain one array with one or more objects in curly brackets comma separated:
```
[{object_1}, {object_2}, ..., {object_n}]
```

### URL parameters
Use URL parameter `tab=array` together with `addArray=[{obj_1}, {obj_2}, ..., {obj_n}]`:
```
https://bazhanius.github.io/simple-geo-tool/?tab=array&addArray=[{obj_1}, {obj_2}, ..., {obj_n}]
```

## Dependencies
- [Leaflet](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet)
- [Nominatim](https://github.com/openstreetmap/Nominatim)
- [MDC](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web) (Material Design Components)
- [MDI](https://github.com/Templarian/MaterialDesign) (Material Design Icons from the Community)

Commit message:

Add parameter to show the stroke with dashes and gaps.

README.md, after:

# Simple Geographic Tool

## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Main features](#main-features)
* [JSON format](#json-format)
  * [Directly specified objects ](#directly-specified-objects )
  * [Objects based on recently added objects](#objects-based-on-recently-added-objects)
* [JSON usage](#json-usage)
  * [Text field](#text-field)
  * [URL parameters](#url-parameters)
* [Dependencies](#dependencies)

## Description
Yet another (supposed to be simple) tool to add geo objects on map.
[Try it on GitHub Pages](https://bazhanius.github.io/simple-geo-tool/).

<kbd>![img](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/194441323/009e73b8-b37e-42fa-a062-6d89bf2e6564)</kbd>

## Main features
- Adding object(s) on the map:
  - via inputting parameters (latitude, longitude and accuracy) in form fields for single object
  - via inputting JSON array of coordinates for single or multiple objects
  - via entering URL parameter
  - by shift-clicking on the map
  - with or without marker's pin or dot
  - with custom color, line weight and line dashes
  - by applying function to recently added objects (group objects)
- Supported object's types:
  - point
  - circle
  - line and polyline
  - polygon
  - rectangle (only in JSON)
- List of added objects with opportunity to:
  - view full info
  - copy object to clipboard
  - locate (fly to) certain object
  - delete certain object
  - copy all objects to clipboard
  - show all objects
  - delete all objects
- Map controls:
  - selecting tile layers (OpenStreetMap, Wikimedia etc.)
  - geolocating current position of the device
  - show address (geocoding) in popup of object's markers
  - ruler for measure distance
- Other:
  - setting of object creation and other options
  - store user settings in localStorage, also last clicked coordinates on the map as the center point of the map 
  on next page load.

## JSON format
### Directly specified objects 
#### Parameters
| Parameter | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <code>type</code> (required) | String |Enum: <ul><li><code>"point"</code></li><li><code>"circle"</code></li><li><code>"polyline"</code></li><li><code>"polygon"</code></li><li><code>"rectangle"</code></li></ul><br>Type of the object. |
| <code>coords</code> (required) | Array of objects | Object of the form:<br><code>{"lat": Number \<double>, "lon": Number \<double>}</code>.<br>Where <code>lat</code> is latitude, from -90.0 to 90.0, and <code>lon</code> is longitude, from -180.0 to 180.0.<br><br>One object for type point or circle, and one or more for other.|
| <code>radius</code> | Number \<double> | Radius of the circle, in meters. Only applicable and required to type <code>"circle"</code>, otherwise will be ignored. |
| <code>azimuth</code> | Number \<double> | Direction in degrees east of True North (clockwise), from 0° to 360°. If set, the dot will be replaced with an arrow. Only applicable to type <code>"point"</code> and <code>"circle"</code>, otherwise will be ignored. |
| <code>color</code> | String | Stroke and fill CSS-color of the object. HEX, RGB(A), name etc.|
| <code>weight</code> | Number \<integer> | Stroke width in pixels. Not applicable to <code>"point"</code>.|
| <code>dashedLine</code> | Boolean | Create dashes and gaps in the stroke. Not applicable to <code>"point"</code>.|
| <code>showMarkerPin</code> | Boolean| Allows to enable/disable the marker pin for object.|
| <code>showMarkerDot</code> | boolean | Allows to enable/disable the marker dot for object. |
#### Usage example

**Point**

Example with all required parameters (<code>"type"</code>, <code>"coords"</code>) and almost all optional (name of <code>"color"</code>, <code>"azimuth"</code>, <code>"showMarkerPin"</code>, <code>"showMarkerDot"</code>):
```json
[
   {
      "type": "point",
      "coords": [
         {
            "lat": 55.039372,
            "lon": 37.552016
         }
      ],
      "color": "black",
      "azimuth": 45,
      "showMarkerPin": false,
      "showMarkerDot": true
   }
]
```

**Circle**

Example with all required parameters (<code>type</code>, <code>coords</code>, <code>radius</code>) and some optional (RGBA <code>color</code>, <code>showMarkerPin</code>):
```json
[
   {
      "type": "circle",
      "coords": [
         {
            "lat": 56.325227,
            "lon": 37.854250
         }
      ],
      "radius": 10000,
      "color": "rgba(51, 136, 255,0.95)",
      "showMarkerPin": false
   }
]
```

**Polyline**

Example with all required parameters (<code>type</code>, <code>coords</code>) and one optional (HEX <code>color</code>):
```json
[
   {
      "type": "polyline",
      "coords": [
         {
            "lat": 55.124319,
            "lon": 36.777198
         },
         {
            "lat": 56.273381,
            "lon": 38.777437
         },
         {
            "lat": 55.630222,
            "lon": 39.332448
         }
      ],
      "color": "#6e14ef"
   }
]
```

**Polygon**

Example only with required parameters (<code>type</code>, <code>coords</code>):
```json
[
   {
      "type": "polygon",
      "coords": [
         {
            "lon": 36.426052,
            "lat": 56.181837
         },
         {
            "lon": 39.201706,
            "lat": 56.160414
         },
         {
            "lon": 38.987349,
            "lat": 55.143146
         },
         {
            "lon": 36.327118,
            "lat": 55.290538
         },
         {
            "lon":36.426052,
            "lat":56.181837
         }
      ]
   }
]
```

### Objects based on recently added objects

#### Parameters
| Parameter | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| <code>type</code> (required) | String |Only <code>"group"</code>. |
| <code>function</code> (required) | String |Enum: <ul><li><code>"drawCircleBounds"</code></li><li><code>"drawRectangleBounds"</code></li></ul><br>Function of calculation. |
| <code>objectIDs</code> (required) | Array of integers | List of recently added objects IDS that will be proccessed by function. Must contain minimum one valid ID.
| <code>color</code> | String | Stroke and fill CSS-color of the object. HEX, RGB(A), name etc.|
| <code>weight</code> | Number \<integer> | Stroke width in pixels. Not applicable to <code>"point"</code>.|
| <code>dashedLine</code> | Boolean | Create dashes and gaps in the stroke. Not applicable to <code>"point"</code>.|
| <code>showMarkerPin</code> | Boolean| Allows to enable/disable the marker pin for object.|
| <code>showMarkerDot</code> | boolean | Allows to enable/disable the marker dot for object. |

#### Usage example
This will add a <code>"circle"</code> object around the objects with the given IDs:
```json
[
   {
      "type": "group",
      "function": "drawCircleBounds",
      "objectIDs": [2, 3, 7],
      "color": "black",
      "weight": 1,
      "showMarkerPin": false,
      "showMarkerDot": true
   }
]
```

## JSON usage

### Text field
Enter JSON into the text field on [array tab](https://bazhanius.github.io/simple-geo-tool/?tab=array).
JSON must contain one array with one or more objects in curly brackets comma separated:
```
[{object_1}, {object_2}, ..., {object_n}]
```

### URL parameters
Use URL parameter `tab=array` together with `addArray=[{obj_1}, {obj_2}, ..., {obj_n}]`:
```
https://bazhanius.github.io/simple-geo-tool/?tab=array&addArray=[{obj_1}, {obj_2}, ..., {obj_n}]
```

## Dependencies
- [Leaflet](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet)
- [Nominatim](https://github.com/openstreetmap/Nominatim)
- [MDC](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web) (Material Design Components)
- [MDI](https://github.com/Templarian/MaterialDesign) (Material Design Icons from the Community)
